Add deployment options in the '/doc' (#98)
huggingface/Google-Cloud-Containers: docs/source/containers/introduction.mdx

# Introduction

> Hugging Face built Deep Learning Containers (DLCs) for Google Cloud customers to run any of their machine learning workload in an optimized environment, with no configuration or maintenance on their part. These are Docker images pre-installed with deep learning frameworks and libraries such as 🤗 Transformers, 🤗 Datasets, and 🤗 Tokenizers. The DLCs allow you to directly serve and train any models, skipping the complicated process of building and optimizing your serving and training environments from scratch.

Reviewer: Here we should mention TGI and TEI too right? We can phrase it as the following (but with better wording)

"DLCs are Docker images pre-installed with deep learning frameworks such as TGI and TEI for inference; or Transformers for both training and inference."

Reviewer 2: We don't use "🤗 Transformers" emojis anymore.

Reviewer: Edited the wording a bit on mine but still needs refinement! Thanks!

The containers are publicly maintained, updated and released periodically by Hugging Face and the Google Cloud Team and available for all Google Cloud Customers within the [Google Cloud’s Artifact Registry](https://console.cloud.google.com/artifacts/docker/deeplearning-platform-release/us/gcr.io). They can be used from any Google Cloud service such as:

- [Vertex AI]((https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/docs)): Vertex AI is a Machine Learning (ML) platform that lets you train and deploy ML models and AI applications, and customize Large Language Models (LLMs).
- [Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs) (GKE): GKE is a fully-managed Kubernetes service in Google Cloud that can be used to deploy and operate containerized applications at scale using Google Cloud's infrastructure. 
- [Cloud Run](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs) (in preview): Cloud Run is a serverless managed compute platform that enables you to run containers that are invocable via requests or events.

> We are curating a list of [notebook examples](https://github.com/huggingface/Google-Cloud-Containers/tree/main/examples) on how to programmaticaly train and deploy models on these Google Cloud services.

Reviewer: Not only notebooks, and fixed a typo in `programmatically`

```suggestion
We are curating a list of [examples](https://github.com/huggingface/Google-Cloud-Containers/tree/main/examples) on how to programmatically train and deploy models on these Google Cloud services.
```
